eliminate fat from the body is so
simple as keep eating
and it is a useless task to stop eating a
week work a few kilos because
you know deep down that he will recover it
after a while
because people are afraid of diets
when one hears the word diet
it immediately comes to mind
the image of suffering and
definitely the diet does not mean
stop eating rather is everything
opposite life means eating
healthily many times to people
who have a bad concept of the word
diet resist them because they know that
at the end after a while they will return
at the same weight they had and we have the
bad habit of thinking that eat well and you
he ingests foods of all kinds of flavor and
combination until we have to
let go of the strap
the diet is different sacrifice
it became clear that diet is not to stop
eating 10 is learning to feed ourselves
eat healthy and give in our
body what you really need
is to teach our bodies to
metabolize food and forget about
accumulate fat
diet is not something we can take
for two weeks with some routines that we
they starve because it was recommended by a
neighbor who has a friend of her friend
of his cousin and a whole chain of
succession that made the diet and came down from
weight
a well-worn diet we
knowledge to learn to
feed us know what foods are
mix with the same handy when snow
fast diets do not last because the
body would not take much
time and moment after finishing it
we started to get fat again
there really is our food
all foods are capable of
burn fat as long as the
you correctly combine the best of everything
is that losing weight can be natural and
with healthy foods
nature is so wonderful that
everything we need finds in
she and it is not necessary to use things
processed products containing preservatives or
be genetically manipulate
let's see some of these foods
we have the legumes
is that seed contained in pod
among which we have the beers
beans beans chickpeas beans
beans or lentils can be considered
nutritionally recommended foods
the variety of legumes consumed by
man have an important content
in proteins do without legumes
in healthy individuals it puts a bad
feeding
the pulses have dietary fiber that
has preventive effects against the
obesity diabetes constipation cancer
of colon reduces the level of cholesterol and
constitutes an important source of
folic acid that prevents
coronary diseases
skim milk
calcium regulates muscle contraction
and it is essential for coagulation
of blood and in the regulation of
heartbeat
the main foods rich in
calcium are dairy foods and their
derivatives
green tea its medicinal benefits
have been described in millennium the
green tea positive effects the five
vital organs especially the heart
and the medicinal qualities green tea
including the dissipation of the effects
harmful effects of alcohol are acting as
stimulant cure diseases of the
skin the off of the fed eliminate
digestions preventing fatigue
improving urinary functions and
brain green tea reduces stress and
due to the high content of
antioxidants is good in the fight
against cancer consumption of green tea
increases lipo oxidation ie helps
to the body use fat as
power source
and to finish
we should never forget to consume water
water is essential for
survival of all forms of
in the name of some benefits from the side
of the one fattening has no calories and is
a more light drink that we can
find eliminates body fat not
saturate the liver
suppress the appetite take a glass of water
before the food helps eat
less if you do not drink water your kidney will
he becomes lazy and the liver starts to
perform kidney function
neglecting soybean that means that
decreases the elimination capacity of
fat through urine and
energy transformation accumulating
This is excess fat in your body
we are all used to thinking of
the following way
there is an event in 10 days and the clothes do not
is left to the diet I have to die of
hungry to be able to go meeting
what we really have to ask ourselves is
why did he gain weight again
I can go down without starving in the
try I have to live pending the
calories and if I add wrong
of this answer without the solution
definitive to your problem of overweight it
call information
if you want to know more about how to delete the
body fat lose weight or make
a healthy diet follows the link that
find below this video thanks
for your time and it will be up to the next
video
and do not forget to comment